README.md, before:

# Android-CreateYourBomb
This Android project shows a way to pass Java objects between activities using Intents.

Notice that to pass the object in this app, the object must implement the interface Serializable.

## User Interface controls used:
    ConstraintLayout
    TextView
    EditText
    ImageView
    Switch
    

At this point in the subject, there is a room for improvement. The current project has a lot of warnings we will fix in the following classes.

## First Activity
![Screenshot_1574209963](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225474-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-908f-557b69188cad.png)

## First Activity (input your bomb name)
![Screenshot_1574209993](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225475-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-9dc2-d053a7e7c253.png)

## Second Activity (select your bomb type)
![Screenshot_1574210007](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225477-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-8b7f-5aaf804c3efc.png)

## First Activity ( bomb type has been selected ) you can now destroy the world
![Screenshot_1574210017](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225479-98093780-0bd2-11ea-9bd7-f3cca6be2353.png)

## Update
A button to select the name from the phone contacts database was added.

## First Activity Showing the contacts button
![Screenshot_1586396242](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849373-ac51b200-7a57-11ea-9d79-1cc56991ee2b.png)

## Contacts Activity (select your contact)
![Screenshot_1586396666](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849378-afe53900-7a57-11ea-9901-65f57717f447.png)

## Frist Activity with the name of the selected contact
![Screenshot_1586396672](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849390-b4a9ed00-7a57-11ea-88ec-893a22b9ac75.png)

Commit message:

adding notice to the readme
important notice: add contacts to your emulator first.

README.md, after:

# Android-CreateYourBomb
This Android project shows a way to pass Java objects between activities using Intents.

Notice that to pass the object in this app, the object must implement the interface Serializable.

## User Interface controls used:
    ConstraintLayout
    TextView
    EditText
    ImageView
    Switch
    

At this point in the subject, there is a room for improvement. The current project has a lot of warnings we will fix in the following classes.

## First Activity
![Screenshot_1574209963](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225474-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-908f-557b69188cad.png)

## First Activity (input your bomb name)
![Screenshot_1574209993](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225475-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-9dc2-d053a7e7c253.png)

## Second Activity (select your bomb type)
![Screenshot_1574210007](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225477-9770a100-0bd2-11ea-8b7f-5aaf804c3efc.png)

## First Activity ( bomb type has been selected ) you can now destroy the world
![Screenshot_1574210017](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/69225479-98093780-0bd2-11ea-9bd7-f3cca6be2353.png)

## Update
A button to select the name from the phone contacts database was added.
### Important : if you are testing it on an emulator, add contacts first:
Jim Morrison and Lady Gaga were previously added as contacts in the emulator, so we can select one.

## First Activity Showing the contacts button
![Screenshot_1586396242](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849373-ac51b200-7a57-11ea-9d79-1cc56991ee2b.png)

## Contacts Activity (select your contact)
![Screenshot_1586396666](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849378-afe53900-7a57-11ea-9901-65f57717f447.png)

## Frist Activity with the name of the selected contact
![Screenshot_1586396672](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4823319/78849390-b4a9ed00-7a57-11ea-88ec-893a22b9ac75.png)
